Clarify Encoder Class (#1202)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/sensors/encoders-software.rst

WPILib provides support for encoders through the :code:`Encoder` class (`Java <https://first.wpi.edu/wpilib/allwpilib/docs/release/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/Encoder.html>`__, `C++ <https://first.wpi.edu/wpilib/allwpilib/docs/release/cpp/classfrc_1_1Encoder.html>`__).  This class provides a simple API for configuring and reading data from encoders.

> .. important:: The encoder class is only used for encoders that are plugged directly in the roboRIO! Please reference the appropriate vendors documentation for using third-party encoders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important:: The ``Encoder`` class is only used for encoders that are plugged directly into the roboRIO! Please reference the appropriate vendors' documentation for using third-party encoders.
```

> .. important:: The ``Encoder`` class is only used for encoders that are plugged directly into the roboRIO! Please reference the appropriate vendors' documentation for using third-party encoders.

Reviewer 2: I think third-party encoders should be clarified. It's how the encoder is connected, not the encoder itself. A Grayhill Encoder attached to the RoboRIO would use the Encoder class, but the same encoder attached to a CANCoder would use the CANCoder class and the same encoder attached to a SparkMax would use CANEncoder.

Author: Clarified.
